create PR for DID Auth doc (#692)
eea-oasis/baseline: examples/bri-3/docs/dids/did-authentication.md

# Bri-3 DID Auth

## DIDs Explanation

> The Decentralized Identifiers (DIDs) is a globally unique identifier. By utilizing it for authentication, DIDs enables a decentralized and self-sovereign approach to digital identity, where users have control over their own identity data and can prove their identity without relying on centralized authorities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[W3C Decentralized Identifiers](https://www.w3.org/TR/did-core/) (DIDs) are cryptographically variable, globally unique identifiers. By utilizing DIDs for authentication, they enable a decentralized and self-sovereign approach to digital identity, where users have control over their own identity data and can prove their identity without relying on centralized authorities.
```

In context of Bri-3, they are designed to enable users (BpiSubjects) to

1. Register/generate their own unique identifiers
2. Prove their control over them by authenticating using digital signatures
3. Obtain an access token as a proof of their authenticated identity that can be reused over time

So that no sensitive information would be revealed during the business activities.

> ## Variables Explanation

Reviewer 2: "Environment Variables" might be more appropriate heading as it will indicate readers to look for these variables in the .env file.

> **GOERLI_RPC_URL**="" # Any GOERLI RPC url i.e. "https://rpc.ankr.com/eth_goerli". This is used to resolve dids

Reviewer 2: Please format this section so its easier to read. Suggestion: Italicise the example string and put the description on the next line.

> **GOERLI_SERVICE_DID**="did:ethr:0x5:<bpi_operator_public_key>" # bpi_operator_public_key = public key of the bpi operator that represents the issuer of the JWT token

Reviewer 2: Let's add how users can get these variable values (e.g. signup for Alchemy or get it from their metamask account, etc.).

where 
1. did - the did URI scheme identifier
2. ethr - the identifier for the DID method
3. 0x5 - Specify GOERLI Test Network
4. <bpi_operator_public_key> - the DID method-specific identifier

**GOERLI_SERVICE_SIGNER_PRIVATE_KEY**="<bpi_operator_private_key>" # bpi_operator_private_key = private key of the bpi operator that is used to sign the issued JWT token

**SERVICE_URL**="bri-3" # JWT token audience

## Authentication Flow Explanation

> 1. (Prerequisite) The BpiOperators first must configure their own .env files with the .env.sample and register BpiSubjects’ public keys in the database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Prerequisite) The BpiOperators first must configure their own .env files with the .env.sample and register BpiSubjects’ DID and public keys in the database
```

2. BpiSubject sends POST /auth/login to Service and provides their public key

> 3. BpiOperator receives the response, retrieves BpiSubject’s public key, verifies the message and signature against BpiOperator’s public key. Then generates an access (JWT) token for successfully authorized account using BpiOperator’s private key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. BpiOperator receives the response, resolves the DID to its DID Document and retrieves the key used from the `authentication` property, and then verifies the message signature with the `authentication` key. Then the BPI Operator generates an access (JWT) token for a successfully authorized account using BpiOperator’s private key.
```

> 4. BpiSubject authenticates next HTTP request using the received access (JWT) token that is signed by their metamask public key

Reviewer 3: since metamask is mentioned lets also add frontend we have to this flow explanation

Reviewer: I agree

> 5. BpiOperator receives the request, provides a resolver, verifies the token and stores the did document in a verifiable data registry, associating with the BpiSubject’s identity

Reviewer 3: there is no storing of did document as part of did auth flow

> 5. BpiOperator receives the request, provides a resolver, verifies the token and stores the did document in a verifiable data registry, associating with the BpiSubject’s identity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. BpiOperator receives the request, verifies the token, and, if successful routes the request to the target service. If the token verification fails (e.g. expiration), a failure message is generated, and the request is not routed to its target service.
```
